#A iustification of separation from the Church of England Against Mr Richard Bernard his invective, intituled; The separatists schisme. By Iohn Robinson.#

##Robinson, John, 1575?-1625.##
A iustification of separation from the Church of England Against Mr Richard Bernard his invective, intituled; The separatists schisme. By Iohn Robinson.
Robinson, John, 1575?-1625.

##General Summary##

**Links**

[TCP catalogue](http://www.ota.ox.ac.uk/tcp/)  • 
[HTML](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-HTML/free/A10/A10835.html)  • 
[EPUB](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-EPUB/free/A10/A10835.epub) • 
[Page images (Historical Texts)](https://data.historicaltexts.jisc.ac.uk/view?pubId=eebo-99836751e&pageId=eebo-99836751e-1037-1)

**Availability**

This keyboarded and encoded edition of the
	       work described above is co-owned by the institutions
	       providing financial support to the Early English Books
	       Online Text Creation Partnership. This Phase I text is
	       available for reuse, according to the terms of Creative
	       Commons 0 1.0 Universal. The text can be copied,
	       modified, distributed and performed, even for
	       commercial purposes, all without asking permission.

**Major revisions**

1. __2004-04__ __TCP__ *Assigned for keying and markup*
1. __2004-04__ __Apex CoVantage__ *Keyed and coded from ProQuest page images*
1. __2004-11__ __Andrew Kuster__ *Sampled and proofread*
1. __2004-11__ __Andrew Kuster__ *Text and markup reviewed and edited*
1. __2005-01__ __pfs__ *Batch review (QC) and XML conversion*

##Content Summary##

#####Front#####

1. To the Christian reader.

1. CERTAYN OBSERVATIONS vpon the Epistle dedicatory: & Preface to the Reader.

#####Body#####

1. Of the Authours Advertisements, called by him Christian, & counsels of peace.
1. Uphold the manifest good therein.Mr Ber.A man vpholds that which is good most naturally, by his p2. Beare with lighter faultes for a time, til fit occasion be offred toMr. B•rn.have them amended.1.3. The manifest evil, labour in thy place by the best ••anes to haveMr. Bern.them amended peaceably.7. Let the corruption of the person, and his lawfull place be distinguished:Mr. Ber•and where person10. Refuse not to obey authority in any thing wherein there is not t•Mr B.thee manifestly known a si1. Omit no evident and certayn commandement imposed of God.Mr Ber.If there be nothing but probabilit2. Let ancient probabilitie of truth be praeferred before new conjecturesMr B.of errour against it.A3. Mark and hold a difference betweene these things; the equity ofMr B.law and exequution: between e4 Use the present good which thou mayest enioy to the vtmost, andMr B.an experienced good before tho8. Never praesume to reforme others, before thou hast w•••Mr Ber.ordered thy self. &c.True zeal, it 12. Whomsoever thou doest see to do a misse, iudge it not to beMr. Bern.of wilfulnes, but eyther of 14. In things indifferent make no question for conscience sake, soMr. Bern.be that neyther holynes, If the ground, vz. of doubting be not a iudgement enlightened, &Mr. Bern.convinced, it is not troublWhy a man should be more scrupulous to seek to have warrant playnlyM. Ber.for every thing he doth in1. Keep all mayn truthes in the word which are most playnelyMr Ber.set downe, and are by law of natu2. Beleeve every collection truely & necessarely gathered by an immediateMr. Bern.consequence from t5. Enterteyn true antiquity, & follow the generall practise of the ChurchMr. Bern.of God in all ages6. If thou suffer, let it be for knowne truth, and against knowne wickednes,M. B.for which thou hastIf yet thou doest iudge a thing commaunded a sinne, and not to beMr B.obeyed; for thy help herein, eThat which Mr B. calls next into quaestion, is, whether the recusantMr B.Ministers may not for the fQuaere, Whether it be an offence iustly given by thee, or taken withoutMr B.iust reason of others: tNow the parts of your secōd enquiry, viz. whether men be offendedMr B.in respect of what themselvesWhat authority may do in things externall for outward rule in theMr B.circumstances of things.How coThe next Quaere, is. Whether authority commaunding doth notMr B.take away the offence which might ot
    _ Of Mr B. disswasive probabilities.
The noveltie thereof differing from all the best reformed Churches •••. Likelyhood.Christendome.It iThe second marke by which Mr B. guesseth our way not good is, for that it agreeth so much with the aThe matter of defending our opinions, and proving our assertions byMr B.strange and forced expositio1. In quoting scriptures by the way that is for things cōming in upon occasion,Mr B.but nothing to 2. By vrging commandements, admonitio•s, exhortations, dehortations,Mr B.reprehensions, and godly ex3. In alledging Scriptures not to prove that for which to the simpleMr. Ber.it seems to be alledged 5. By inferences, and references, as if this be one this must follow, andMr B. this Mr B. calles a dThat we have not the approbation of any of the reformed Churches for ou•The 4. Likelyhoodcourse, and•. By the blessing of God (you tell vs) vpon your ministery, by which peopleMr B.are wonne truly to 2 The blessing of God assisting vs walking in our way with the reformedMr B.Churches hath from LutheThe first person in whome he instanceth is one Boulton, touching whō he wryteth thus: that he beingMr B. in proceeding to point out the hand of God writing heavy things against vs, chargeth us (by MrMr B. having thus handled (as you see) some particular, and principall persons, proceeds to set vponLastly it is a great wrong which Mr B. offereth vs in affirming, that if we be once in this fraterniThe ill successe it hath had these very many yeares, being no more increased, where the encreasings That we not onely disclayme and conde•n• the corruptions and notoriousMr Bern.wicked, but withall foWith such a renunciation of the truth must be interteyned much vntruthMr B. (saith Mr Ber.) as firstThe second rank of reasons which Mr B. brings against us are certayne greivous sinns wherewith (he sOur first supposed sin is that wofull entrance before named, for which I refer the reader to that whThe second sinn wherewith Mr B. chargeth vs is our great vnthankfulnes, 1. to God that begat vs by hOur third imagined, sinn is spirituall vncharitablenes appearing in ourM. B.deep censures vpon all aThe second poynt of our vncharitablenes spirituall Mr B. makes,Mr B.a most vngodly desire (as ever wThe last and highest degree of our vncharitablenes he reckons this that we are sorry and envious thaTo the further charge of vncharitablenes layd against vs, as beingMr B.glad when they contend amongsOur next brand of vncharitablenes is our accustomary excommunicationsMr B.even for light offences inOur fourth sin is abusing the word, of which all are guilty by misalledgingand wresting places of ScThe fifth sin (supposed) is our wilfull persisting in our schism, lightly regardingMr B.reverend menThe other exceptions of shifting and evading the scriptures, & of perversnes of spirit in conferenceOur sixt sin by retayl Mr B. makes our rayling and scoffing, and inMr B.particular H. Barrowes blasp1. The fruits of the Hierarchy are contrary to Christ.2. It forbids many good meanes of religion as They hold that the constitution of our Church is a fals• constitution.And let vs see how strongly yo1. Arg. They cannot prove this simply by any playne doctrine of scripture,Mr B. and that which they They hold our constitution a reall Idol, and so vs Idolaters.If the constitution of your Church be fThat such as are not of a particular constituted Church (to wit such a oneMr B.as theyrs is) are no Lastly you ask whither Christs kingdome be not spirituall, and invisibleMr B.also? Iob: 18. 33. and That all not in theyr way are without, and they do apply against vs 1 Cor. 5. 12. Ephe. 2 12.And sin2. They cannot prove vs without by the scripture, expounding this phrase without by the scriptures, 3 God almighty hath witnessed that we are his people.Mr B.1 By giving vs his word, Psal. 14. 7. 19. 2 By Gods effectuall working by his word, Ier. 23. 22. therefore heard •• the voyce of the sonne of 3 By Gods most straunge and miraculous deliverance of vs from theMr B.enemyes of his gospell: a promThat onely Saincts, that is, a people forsaking all knowne sinne of whichMr B.they may be convinced,And first you say, this is a proper description of the invisible membersMr B.of Iesus Christ, secludYou object secondly, that this makes that David, Iehoshaphat,Mr B.and the Church of God in their dayThe third exception is that the scriptures we bring are places speakingMr B.of invisible members proIn the 4. place you come to speak of this saint-ship in question negatively, and affirmatively. FirsFirst (say you) men are called saynts because of their outward calling to Christianity as 1 Cor. 1. 2 Because of the profession of faith in Christ who maketh all true beleeversMr B.holy and sancts.It 3. In respect of Baptisme, by which externally the partie baptised is to beMr B.iudged to have put o4 In respect of the better part, though the fewer by many, for thus theMr B.scripture speakes, Deut.5. In respect of the visible signes of Gods favour, promise, and presence toMr B.be with his, &c. as6. In respect of Gods good pleasure who lookes not vpon his Church, as theMr B.particular members thThat the power of Christ, that is authority to preach, to administer the sacraments, and to exerciseThese things being thus, the vntruthes, which he sayth we build vpon this opinion are his and not ouThe next collection made agaynst us is that we hould that twoMr B.or three gathered together must be1. First that a company of faithfull people thus covenanting together are a Church, though they be wThe first and second whereof are, that it is contrary to the order which God established before the And so I come to the third reason against this imputed popularity,Mr B. taken from the commission ofThe idle and senseles exposition Mr B. gives is of the Porters watching. Where the mayster at his deIt is most apparant that Christ ascending vp gave gifts for preaching,Mr B.administration of sacrameIt is never to be found in all the old testament that the people, but princesMr B.and ecclesiasticalNow for the places, severally, and first for Math. 18. 17. whereMr Bern. sayth Mr B. tell the ChurchThe first is taken from the succession of Iames at Ierusalem, ofMr B.Peter at Antioch, of Peter & PaThe first whereof is, that Christ could not be understood eyther then,Mr. B.or now, except he spake First you affirm that Christ having spoken in the thirdMr. B.person tell the Church when he comes toYour 3. Reason, that, bycause Christ speakes of a few, two, or threeMr. B.gathered together, therefoThe first is. It agrees with the practise of the Iewish Church frō whenceMr B.it is held, that the As first, that Paul called the Elders of Ephesus, and conferred with themMr B.without the people, AcThe 4: is, for order sake and to prevent confusion, for that which is allMr B.mens, is no m•ns: wherLastly the word Church (you say) must be expounded figurativelyMr B.to avoid the absurd•t•s, which eYour 6. Argument to prove that the word Church must be takenMr B.figuratively is first, that els theThe 7. Reason to prove the Elders the Church, is, the iudgement, and practise of all reformed ChurchThus have I been constreyned by the bold boasting, and facing, which this man vseth, of, and with thIn it self (the multitude being ever vnconstant) it is instability, vnorderlynesse,Mr B.where every Your 7. and 8. Reason are of one nature, and may for brevityMr B. sake be contracted into one: the sYour last argument to prove the officers the Church Math. 18.IX. and directly to disprove our supposThe 7. Reason is, that if a sort of persons professing Christ together,Mr B.without officers haue thThe sum of the 11. and 12. Reas: is, that this power or liberty of the multitude to judge in Church In the 17. reason Mr B. would fasten vpon vs an absurdity, inMr B. making the body both to govern anThat the sin of one m•n publiquely and obstinately stood in being not reformed, nor the offender casFirst you say, vnder the law there was a sacrifice for all manner of pollutions,Mr Ber.but none for The godly people were never reproved for being at the ministration ofMr B.holy things though wicked The Prophets did not separate themselves though they cryed out againstMr B.wickednes, Isa. 1. 4. 5. Touching 1 Cor. 11. which is the next scripture, I will speakMr B. something more largely, bycause MTo proceed, where you affirm that our position insinuates, thatMr. B.the sinne of one dissolves the Next Mr B. reduceth to certayn heads such places of scripture, asMr. B.forewarn Gods people to separWhat Mr B. ought men to avoyd familiarity with excommunicates onely in private conversation, and notAnd where further (as loath to let fall the plea of the wicked) youMr B. do adde, that God called IsThat which you adde the last, and in deed the worst of all the

rest, is, that the Church of Christ,But things are best discerned in their particulars, and to themMr B. you discend, saying, that that You haue no false head, bycause you hold Iesus Christ, and worshipMr B.no other God, but the TrinityBut here I must needs observe a few things about two answers given by Pag. 260. 261. Mr B. in his 2.The other of Mr B. answer I mynd, is, about the power of Christ, against sin, Sathan, Antichrist, thThe matter, you say, is not false, and to shew this you note a differenceMr. B.between true matter, The sum of the three first is thus much: viz: that Christ, & hisMr B.Apostles preaching the gospell,Your 4. Reason to prove that the profession of the mayn truth before layd down is of force to make aThe first is taken from the first planting of that Church in S. PaulsI.tyme, by vertue of which formHis secōd Reason is grounded vpon 2 Th. 2. 4. because Antichrist,II.that is, (sayth he) that head wThe third Argument is, that as the children, or infants of the tenMr B.tribes in Ieroboās Apostacy In your fourth argument there is litle but the answer (of whichMr. B. I formerly spake) vnto the secThat which you call your fifth reason hath no countenance ofMr B. a reason in it, but is meerly a coFirst, (to let passe the succession of the Church he pleads from King Etheldred, King of Kent, of whThe things you further adde, namely, that all Churches have inMr B.them good, and bad matter, that mTwo persons are lawfully marryed by publique profession and mutuall cor••nt:Mr. B.now though the wisA man professing obedience to a king as his alone sovereign, and obeyingMr B.his lawes in the generaThe 3. resemblance is of a man professing one onely trade, though bunglingly,III.or carelesly, whom That which comes next into consideration, in M• B: order, is the visible form of the Church; as he cThe particulars now follow, in which you place this visible vnion, and covenant of the Lord with hisIn the next place comes the visible hand of man, by which he onMr R. his part c•tracts with God, & eThe 3. & last thing for the perfecting of this visible covenant, & vn•ing of the mēbers one to anotThe Argument is, that, a• continual si•nes & corruptions of the hart• ofMr B.the elect, do not make For the first, it is true you affirm of the Christian CorinthiansMr B.going to the idol feasts in thThe scope of •e scripture followeth, which, say you, i• that the beleevingMr B.Corint•ians may have In the 3. place we are to consider of the matter entreated of, and
found fault with by the Apostle, But here Mr Bern. excepts against our exposition of these placespag. 136.of Levit▪ and the like, as The next place that comes into cōsideratiō is, Act. 2▪ 40. where, •ayth Mr B. Peter speakes to theFirst, that our way is not the way of God; 2. that if is were, yet weeMr B.have not spoken to all yoOne scripture more remayns to be considered of, and that is Ioh: 17 ver. 6. 9. 14. 15. 16. whence weBut were it, as wee would haue it, that not onely the works, but even the workers of wickednes were Mr B. 2. obiection, is, (which he also makes the 4. head of hisMr B. division) that there is no propLastly, unto that vvhich Mr B. ob•••teth in the fifth, and last place against our exposition of thisNow as from the matter, & form of the Church concurring do arise the properties, so would Mr B. in tThe third, and last property of the Church Mr B: makes, the care for the welfare of all, and every oMore particularly; as you want the office of Deaconship, which Christ hath left by his Apostles for But to passe over all other things, the point vpon which Mr B. insists, and which he would most gladThat which Mr B: reputes our nynth errour, is our holding allMr B. their ministers false Ministers.AHis Arguments to prove the Ministers of England: true MinistersMr B.of Christ, follow in order.The fThe sum of the 2. Arg. is that the Ministers of the Church of Engl:II. are Pastours, and Teachers, tYour 3. Arg: for your Ministers is, that they are called & sent ofIII.God, & of his Ch:, & thereforeThat, which is worthy consideration in the fourth ArgumentIIII. is, the enterance into the ministeryAnd first, it is erronious•y written by him, and the scriptures Act. 13. 1. 2. & 14. 23. sinfully peThe 2. allegation made by Mr B. against vvhich I except, is, that the Ministers vvith them have all The 3. consideration in this matter is, about such devises, as Mr Bern. hath found for the shifting One shift more Mr Bernard makes, from which he must be put, and that is, that the Patron chuseth forThus much of the 4. Argument. The 5. followeth, the summe whereof is, that, bycause the Ministers ofThe sixth Argument for the justification of the ministers in Engl.Mr B. is, Gods ordinary, and daylyMr Ainsworth denyes that qualification with good gifts is a proof of a lawful Minister. Herein saythAnd first for the tvvo scriptures quoted in both your books.Mr B. 2. book p. 308 Rom. 10. 14. 15. 1 But here two exceptions made by Mr Bernard, in his secondpag. 308. book must be satisfied. The formeThe seventh, and last argument Mr B. takes from certayn properties of true sheepheards, layd down, IThe 2. property wherewith he investeth them, is, that the porter openeth vnto them: by which porter The 3. property of good sheepheards which you chalenge to yourMr B. selves, is, that they call theirA 4. property of a good sheepheard, you say, you have, whichMr B. is, to lead forth your sheep, viz,The 5. and last property for which you commend your selues, is,Mr B. your going before the flockes, But * suppose (say you) a false enterance, yet that no more disanullspag. 142. 1. book.the ministeryThat which comes next into consideration, is the poynt of succession: wherein, in the first place, aThe particulars follow. And first he affirmeth, that God made AdamMr B.a Minister, to whom he gave aOf the same force with your first proof is your 2. which youMr B. take from Ephes. 4. 11. 12. where Lastly, it is a senceles affirmation you make, that a man sent to win people is a minister to the hiOne thing more you adde, which is, that Ministers may be theMr B.Church, as they are Christians, andThe onely Argument he brings for his purpose, is an historicall narration (as he speaks) from time tLet vs consider of his instances. And first (sayth he) God at theMr B.worlds beginning, ordeyned AdaTheir worship is a false worship.M: B.For answer vnto this assertion Mr B: refers vs to the end of tThe word (you say) preached, is the true word: the sacraments trueM: B.sacraments: the prayers we prMr B: in his pag. 32•. 2. book to prove their worship true worship, pretends 3 distinct Argumēts. TThe first of them is, that their congregations, as they stand, are all, and every one of them vncapaThat baptism is not administred into the fayth of Christ simply, but intoIII.the fayth of Bishops, &Of the 4. Errour imputed vnto vs, namely, that we hould yourIIII.fayth, and repentance false, I say Your 5. exception, viz: that your ministers convert men not as Pastours,V.but as teachers, is neytheTo your demand what idoll you worship, bycause we affirm yourVI.Church to stand in an adulterous estYour 7. insimulation against vs, is, that wee cannot say certeynlyVII.by any warrant of Gods word, tThe 8. & 9. errours imputed to us are, that we hold none of their8. & 9.Ministers may be heard: & thNow for the poynt it self: & first for your Reason by which you would prove it erroneous. If (say yoOur 10. reckoned Errour, is that ministers may not celebrate mariageX.nor bury the dead. And this M.But This sayth Mr B. is against the wisdome of God, who alloweth aM B:setled maintenance vnder the lThe 12, and last errour imputed to vs, is, that your Churches (asXII. you call them) ought to be racANd to omit the bloody doom which these Ministers passe vponThe Ministers Positions Examined. vs allTHe first is, bycause They enioy, and ioyn together in the vse of those outward means, which God in Lastly, as the preaching of the gospell is the onely outward means to gather a Church, so though thiThus much of the Arguments; in the handling of which the ministers insinuate agaynst Mr. Barrow sund2. They charge Mr. Barrow to hold that every member of ourMinist:assemblyes is led by the spirit int3. That Mr. Bar: holds every truth in the scriptures fundamentall, that is (as they expound it Pag: Their fourth, and last Argument, is, for that all the known ChurchesMinist.in the world acknowledge First, that, all the known Churches in the world are well acquaynted withMinist.their doctrine, and It is most vntrue, that God hath sanctifed the testimony of ChurchesMinist:for a principall help in 3. That Paul feared that without the approbation of Iames, and Cephas,III.and Iohn he should have ru4: That Paul sought to win cōmendation and credit to the orders whichIIII.he by his Apostolicall auFiftly, the testimony which Iohn Baptist gave of Christ, is vnfitlyV. brought for the testimony of oWhere it is further affirmed, that there are cases wherein one ChurchVI.is commaunded to seek the iuTo the Ministers demand in the next place. Sayth Christ to anyVII.particular congregation of the fayLastly, as that saying of the Ministers must have a very favourableVIII. interpretatiō, vi•, that tFirst, that they might lawfully be accounted a true Church, though it could not appear that they werSecondly, that they might be rightly gathered to the fellowship of the visibleMinist:Church, by otheOf like nature with the former, is that which followeth, namely that men may by other meanes be lawfThe Ministers 3. exception that their Church was gathered by theMinist:preaching of the word: and th
#####Back#####
CHristian Reader, whilst I was printing my defence against Mr Ber: Invective, his reply came forth i
1. The principall scriptures, brought on both sides for the present controversy, expounded and applyed.

1. A TABLE OF THE PRINCIPAL matters conteyned in this treatise.

1. Errata.

1. The Printer to the Reader.

**Types of content**

  * Oh, Mr. Jourdain, there is **prose** in there!

There are 1456 **ommitted** fragments! 
 @__reason__ (1456) : illegible (1408), foreign (8), duplicate (40)  •  @__resp__ (1408) : #APEX (1408)  •  @__extent__ (1448) : 1 letter (1056), 2 letters (196), 3 letters (46), 1 word (35), 1 span (66), 4 letters (7), 1 page (40), 5 letters (1), 1 line (1)

**Character listing**


|Text|string(s)|codepoint(s)|
|---|---|---|
|Latin-1 Supplement|ò¶áóè |242 182 225 243 232 160|
|Combining             Diacritical Marks|̄|772|
|General Punctuation|•†—…“|8226 8224 8212 8230 8220|
|Geometric Shapes|▪◊|9642 9674|
|Miscellaneous Symbols|☉|9737|
|CJKSymbolsandPunctuation|〈〉|12296 12297|

##Tag Usage Summary##

###Header Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__author__|2||
|2.|__availability__|1||
|3.|__biblFull__|1||
|4.|__change__|5||
|5.|__date__|8| @__when__ (1) : 2005-03 (1)|
|6.|__edition__|1||
|7.|__editionStmt__|1||
|8.|__editorialDecl__|1||
|9.|__extent__|2||
|10.|__idno__|6| @__type__ (6) : DLPS (1), STC (2), EEBO-CITATION (1), PROQUEST (1), VID (1)|
|11.|__keywords__|1| @__scheme__ (1) : http://authorities.loc.gov/ (1)|
|12.|__label__|5||
|13.|__langUsage__|1||
|14.|__language__|1| @__ident__ (1) : eng (1)|
|15.|__listPrefixDef__|1||
|16.|__note__|8||
|17.|__notesStmt__|2||
|18.|__p__|11||
|19.|__prefixDef__|2| @__ident__ (2) : tcp (1), char (1)  •  @__matchPattern__ (2) : ([0-9\-]+):([0-9IVX]+) (1), (.+) (1)  •  @__replacementPattern__ (2) : http://eebo.chadwyck.com/downloadtiff?vid=$1&page=$2 (1), https://raw.githubusercontent.com/textcreationpartnership/Texts/master/tcpchars.xml#$1 (1)|
|20.|__projectDesc__|1||
|21.|__pubPlace__|2||
|22.|__publicationStmt__|2||
|23.|__publisher__|2||
|24.|__ref__|2| @__target__ (2) : https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/ (1), http://www.textcreationpartnership.org/docs/. (1)|
|25.|__seriesStmt__|1||
|26.|__sourceDesc__|1||
|27.|__term__|4||
|28.|__textClass__|1||
|29.|__title__|3||
|30.|__titleStmt__|2||


###Text Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__bibl__|2||
|2.|__closer__|1||
|3.|__desc__|1456||
|4.|__div__|218| @__type__ (218) : title_page (1), to_the_reader (1), preface (1), treatise (1), section (209), afterword (1), Scripture_index (1), index (1), errata (1), printer_to_the_reader (1)  •  @__n__ (36) : 1 (6), 2 (9), 3 (8), 7 (1), 10 (1), 4 (3), 8 (1), 12 (1), 14 (1), 5 (3), 6 (2)|
|5.|__figure__|1||
|6.|__g__|4788| @__ref__ (4788) : char:punc (362), char:EOLhyphen (3475), char:cmbAbbrStroke (951)|
|7.|__gap__|1456| @__reason__ (1456) : illegible (1408), foreign (8), duplicate (40)  •  @__resp__ (1408) : #APEX (1408)  •  @__extent__ (1448) : 1 letter (1056), 2 letters (196), 3 letters (46), 1 word (35), 1 span (66), 4 letters (7), 1 page (40), 5 letters (1), 1 line (1)|
|8.|__head__|24||
|9.|__hi__|4154||
|10.|__item__|175| @__ana__ (1) : #role_LABEL (1)|
|11.|__label__|20||
|12.|__list__|31||
|13.|__note__|1582| @__place__ (1582) : margin (1582)  •  @__n__ (712) : † (284), * (248), “ (156), ‘ (1), ',' (1), ‘. (1), ‘* (9), ‘† (5), †† (1), †‘ (3), *‘ (2), ‘؛‘ (1)|
|14.|__p__|1610||
|15.|__pb__|526| @__facs__ (526) : tcp:1037:1 (2), tcp:1037:2 (2), tcp:1037:3 (2), tcp:1037:4 (2), tcp:1037:5 (2), tcp:1037:6 (2), tcp:1037:7 (2), tcp:1037:8 (2), tcp:1037:9 (2), tcp:1037:10 (2), tcp:1037:11 (2), tcp:1037:12 (2), tcp:1037:13 (2), tcp:1037:14 (2), tcp:1037:15 (2), tcp:1037:16 (2), tcp:1037:17 (2), tcp:1037:18 (2), tcp:1037:260 (2), tcp:1037:261 (2), tcp:1037:262 (2), tcp:1037:19 (2), tcp:1037:20 (2), tcp:1037:21 (2), tcp:1037:22 (2), tcp:1037:23 (2), tcp:1037:24 (2), tcp:1037:25 (2), tcp:1037:26 (2), tcp:1037:27 (2), tcp:1037:28 (2), tcp:1037:29 (2), tcp:1037:30 (2), tcp:1037:31 (2), tcp:1037:32 (2), tcp:1037:33 (2), tcp:1037:34 (2), tcp:1037:35 (2), tcp:1037:36 (2), tcp:1037:37 (2), tcp:1037:38 (2), tcp:1037:39 (2), tcp:1037:40 (2), tcp:1037:41 (2), tcp:1037:42 (2), tcp:1037:43 (2), tcp:1037:44 (2), tcp:1037:45 (2), tcp:1037:46 (2), tcp:1037:47 (2), tcp:1037:48 (2), tcp:1037:50 (2), tcp:1037:49 (2), tcp:1037:51 (2), tcp:1037:52 (2), tcp:1037:53 (2), tcp:1037:54 (2), tcp:1037:55 (2), tcp:1037:56 (2), tcp:1037:57 (2), tcp:1037:58 (2), tcp:1037:59 (2), tcp:1037:60 (2), tcp:1037:61 (2), tcp:1037:62 (2), tcp:1037:63 (2), tcp:1037:64 (2), tcp:1037:65 (2), tcp:1037:66 (2), tcp:1037:67 (2), tcp:1037:68 (2), tcp:1037:69 (2), tcp:1037:70 (2), tcp:1037:71 (2), tcp:1037:72 (2), tcp:1037:73 (2), tcp:1037:74 (2), tcp:1037:75 (2), tcp:1037:76 (2), tcp:1037:77 (2), tcp:1037:78 (2), tcp:1037:79 (2), tcp:1037:80 (2), tcp:1037:81 (2), tcp:1037:82 (2), tcp:1037:83 (2), tcp:1037:84 (2), tcp:1037:85 (2), tcp:1037:86 (2), tcp:1037:87 (2), tcp:1037:88 (2), tcp:1037:89 (2), tcp:1037:90 (2), tcp:1037:91 (2), tcp:1037:92 (2), tcp:1037:93 (2), tcp:1037:94 (2), tcp:1037:95 (2), tcp:1037:96 (2), tcp:1037:97 (2), tcp:1037:98 (2), tcp:1037:99 (2), tcp:1037:100 (2), tcp:1037:101 (2), tcp:1037:102 (2), tcp:1037:103 (2), tcp:1037:104 (2), tcp:1037:105 (2), tcp:1037:106 (2), tcp:1037:107 (2), tcp:1037:108 (2), tcp:1037:109 (2), tcp:1037:110 (2), tcp:1037:111 (2), tcp:1037:112 (2), tcp:1037:113 (2), tcp:1037:114 (2), tcp:1037:115 (2), tcp:1037:116 (2), tcp:1037:117 (2), tcp:1037:118 (2), tcp:1037:119 (2), tcp:1037:120 (2), tcp:1037:121 (2), tcp:1037:122 (2), tcp:1037:123 (2), tcp:1037:124 (2), tcp:1037:125 (2), tcp:1037:126 (2), tcp:1037:127 (2), tcp:1037:128 (2), tcp:1037:129 (2), tcp:1037:130 (2), tcp:1037:131 (2), tcp:1037:132 (2), tcp:1037:133 (2), tcp:1037:134 (2), tcp:1037:135 (2), tcp:1037:136 (2), tcp:1037:137 (2), tcp:1037:138 (2), tcp:1037:139 (2), tcp:1037:140 (2), tcp:1037:141 (2), tcp:1037:142 (2), tcp:1037:143 (2), tcp:1037:144 (2), tcp:1037:145 (2), tcp:1037:146 (2), tcp:1037:147 (2), tcp:1037:148 (2), tcp:1037:149 (2), tcp:1037:150 (2), tcp:1037:151 (2), tcp:1037:152 (2), tcp:1037:153 (2), tcp:1037:154 (2), tcp:1037:155 (2), tcp:1037:156 (2), tcp:1037:157 (2), tcp:1037:158 (2), tcp:1037:159 (2), tcp:1037:160 (2), tcp:1037:161 (2), tcp:1037:162 (2), tcp:1037:163 (2), tcp:1037:164 (2), tcp:1037:165 (2), tcp:1037:166 (2), tcp:1037:167 (2), tcp:1037:168 (2), tcp:1037:169 (2), tcp:1037:170 (2), tcp:1037:171 (2), tcp:1037:172 (2), tcp:1037:173 (2), tcp:1037:174 (2), tcp:1037:175 (2), tcp:1037:176 (2), tcp:1037:177 (2), tcp:1037:178 (2), tcp:1037:179 (2), tcp:1037:180 (2), tcp:1037:181 (2), tcp:1037:182 (2), tcp:1037:183 (2), tcp:1037:184 (2), tcp:1037:185 (2), tcp:1037:186 (2), tcp:1037:187 (2), tcp:1037:188 (2), tcp:1037:189 (2), tcp:1037:190 (2), tcp:1037:191 (2), tcp:1037:192 (2), tcp:1037:193 (2), tcp:1037:194 (2), tcp:1037:195 (2), tcp:1037:196 (2), tcp:1037:197 (2), tcp:1037:198 (2), tcp:1037:199 (2), tcp:1037:200 (2), tcp:1037:201 (2), tcp:1037:202 (2), tcp:1037:203 (2), tcp:1037:204 (2), tcp:1037:205 (2), tcp:1037:206 (2), tcp:1037:207 (2), tcp:1037:208 (2), tcp:1037:209 (2), tcp:1037:210 (2), tcp:1037:211 (2), tcp:1037:212 (2), tcp:1037:213 (2), tcp:1037:214 (2), tcp:1037:215 (2), tcp:1037:216 (2), tcp:1037:217 (2), tcp:1037:218 (2), tcp:1037:219 (2), tcp:1037:220 (2), tcp:1037:221 (2), tcp:1037:222 (2), tcp:1037:223 (2), tcp:1037:224 (2), tcp:1037:225 (2), tcp:1037:226 (2), tcp:1037:227 (2), tcp:1037:228 (2), tcp:1037:229 (2), tcp:1037:230 (2), tcp:1037:231 (2), tcp:1037:232 (2), tcp:1037:233 (2), tcp:1037:234 (2), tcp:1037:235 (2), tcp:1037:236 (2), tcp:1037:237 (2), tcp:1037:238 (2), tcp:1037:239 (2), tcp:1037:240 (2), tcp:1037:241 (2), tcp:1037:242 (2), tcp:1037:243 (2), tcp:1037:244 (2), tcp:1037:245 (2), tcp:1037:246 (2), tcp:1037:247 (2), tcp:1037:248 (2), tcp:1037:249 (2), tcp:1037:250 (2), tcp:1037:251 (2), tcp:1037:252 (2), tcp:1037:253 (2), tcp:1037:254 (2), tcp:1037:255 (2), tcp:1037:256 (2), tcp:1037:257 (2), tcp:1037:258 (2), tcp:1037:259 (2), tcp:1037:263 (2)  •  @__rendition__ (37) : simple:additions (37)  •  @__n__ (512) : 3 (2), 4 (2), 5 (2), 6 (2), 7 (2), 8 (2), 9 (2), 10 (2), 11 (2), 12 (2), 13 (2), 14 (2), 15 (2), 16 (2), 17 (2), 18 (2), 19 (2), 20 (2), 21 (2), 22 (2), 23 (2), 25 (2), 26 (2), 27 (2), 28 (2), 29 (2), 30 (2), 31 (2), 32 (2), 33 (2), 34 (2), 35 (1), 36 (1), 37 (1), 38 (1), 39 (2), 40 (2), 41 (2), 42 (1), 43 (1), 44 (1), 45 (1), 46 (1), 47 (1), 48 (1), 49 (1), 50 (1), 51 (1), 52 (1), 53 (1), 54 (1), 55 (1), 56 (1), 57 (1), 58 (1), 59 (1), 60 (1), 61 (1), 62 (1), 63 (1), 64 (1), 65 (1), 66 (1), 67 (1), 68 (1), 69 (1), 70 (1), 71 (1), 72 (1), 73 (1), 74 (1), 75 (1), 76 (1), 77 (1), 78 (1), 79 (1), 80 (1), 81 (1), 82 (1), 83 (1), 84 (1), 85 (1), 86 (1), 87 (1), 88 (1), 89 (1), 90 (1), 91 (1), 92 (1), 93 (1), 94 (1), 95 (1), 98 (1), 99 (1), 100 (1), 101 (1), 102 (1), 103 (1), 104 (1), 105 (1), 106 (1), 107 (1), 108 (1), 109 (1), 110 (1), 111 (1), 112 (1), 113 (1), 114 (1), 115 (1), 116 (1), 117 (1), 118 (1), 119 (1), 120 (1), 121 (1), 122 (1), 123 (1), 124 (1), 125 (1), 126 (1), 127 (1), 128 (1), 129 (1), 130 (1), 131 (1), 132 (1), 133 (1), 134 (1), 135 (1), 136 (1), 137 (1), 138 (1), 139 (1), 140 (1), 141 (1), 142 (1), 143 (1), 144 (1), 145 (1), 146 (1), 147 (1), 148 (1), 149 (1), 150 (1), 151 (1), 152 (1), 153 (1), 154 (1), 155 (1), 156 (1), 157 (1), 158 (1), 159 (1), 160 (1), 161 (1), 162 (1), 163 (1), 164 (2), 165 (1), 166 (1), 167 (1), 168 (1), 169 (1), 171 (1), 172 (1), 173 (1), 174 (1), 175 (1), 176 (1), 177 (1), 178 (1), 179 (1), 180 (1), 181 (1), 182 (1), 183 (1), 184 (1), 185 (1), 186 (1), 187 (1), 188 (1), 189 (1), 190 (1), 191 (1), 192 (1), 193 (1), 194 (1), 195 (1), 196 (1), 197 (1), 198 (1), 199 (1), 200 (1), 201 (1), 202 (1), 203 (1), 204 (1), 205 (1), 206 (1), 207 (1), 208 (1), 209 (1), 210 (1), 211 (1), 212 (1), 213 (1), 214 (1), 215 (1), 216 (1), 217 (1), 218 (1), 219 (1), 220 (1), 221 (1), 222 (1), 223 (1), 224 (2), 225 (1), 226 (1), 227 (1), 228 (1), 229 (1), 231 (1), 232 (1), 233 (1), 234 (1), 235 (1), 236 (1), 237 (1), 238 (1), 239 (1), 240 (1), 241 (1), 242 (1), 243 (1), 244 (1), 245 (1), 246 (1), 247 (1), 248 (1), 249 (1), 250 (1), 251 (1), 252 (1), 253 (1), 254 (1), 255 (1), 256 (1), 257 (1), 258 (1), 259 (1), 260 (1), 261 (1), 262 (1), 263 (1), 264 (1), 265 (1), 266 (1), 267 (1), 268 (1), 269 (1), 270 (1), 271 (1), 272 (2), 273 (2), 274 (1), 275 (1), 276 (1), 277 (1), 278 (1), 279 (1), 280 (1), 281 (1), 282 (1), 283 (1), 284 (1), 285 (1), 286 (1), 287 (1), 288 (1), 289 (1), 290 (1), 291 (1), 292 (1), 293 (1), 294 (1), 295 (1), 296 (1), 297 (1), 298 (1), 299 (1), 300 (1), 301 (1), 302 (1), 303 (1), 304 (1), 305 (1), 306 (1), 311 (2), 308 (1), 309 (1), 310 (1), 312 (1), 313 (1), 314 (1), 315 (1), 316 (1), 317 (1), 318 (1), 319 (1), 320 (1), 321 (1), 322 (1), 323 (1), 324 (1), 325 (1), 326 (1), 327 (1), 328 (1), 329 (1), 330 (1), 331 (1), 332 (1), 333 (1), 334 (1), 335 (1), 336 (1), 337 (1), 338 (1), 339 (1), 340 (1), 341 (1), 342 (1), 343 (1), 344 (1), 345 (1), 346 (1), 347 (1), 348 (1), 349 (1), 350 (1), 351 (1), 352 (1), 353 (1), 354 (1), 355 (1), 356 (1), 357 (1), 358 (1), 359 (1), 360 (1), 361 (1), 362 (1), 363 (1), 364 (1), 365 (1), 366 (1), 367 (1), 368 (2), 369 (1), 370 (1), 371 (1), 372 (1), 373 (1), 374 (1), 375 (1), 376 (1), 377 (1), 378 (1), 379 (1), 380 (1), 381 (1), 383 (1), 384 (1), 385 (1), 387 (1), 388 (1), 389 (1), 390 (1), 391 (1), 392 (1), 393 (1), 394 (1), 395 (1), 396 (1), 397 (1), 398 (1), 399 (1), 400 (1), 401 (1), 402 (1), 403 (1), 404 (1), 405 (1), 406 (1), 407 (1), 408 (1), 409 (1), 410 (1), 411 (1), 412 (1), 413 (1), 414 (1), 415 (1), 416 (1), 417 (1), 418 (1), 419 (1), 420 (1), 421 (1), 422 (1), 423 (1), 424 (1), 425 (1), 426 (1), 427 (1), 428 (1), 429 (1), 430 (1), 431 (1), 432 (1), 433 (1), 434 (1), 435 (1), 436 (1), 437 (1), 438 (1), 439 (1), 440 (1), 441 (1), 442 (1), 443 (1), 444 (1), 445 (1), 446 (1), 447 (1), 448 (1), 449 (1), 450 (1), 451 (1), 452 (1), 453 (1), 454 (1), 455 (1), 456 (1), 457 (1), 458 (1), 459 (1), 460 (1), 461 (1), 462 (1), 463 (1), 464 (1), 465 (1), 466 (1), 467 (1), 468 (1), 469 (1), 470 (1), 471 (1), 472 (1), 473 (1), 474 (1), 475 (1), 476 (1), 479 (2), 480 (1), 481 (1), 482 (1), 24 (1)|
|16.|__q__|7||
|17.|__seg__|2| @__rend__ (2) : decorInit (2)|
